feat: implement create tag for item (#1641)
graasp/graasp: src/services/item/plugins/tag/README.md

# Tag

> Tags are manually entered by the admins, and are linked to one or many items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tags are manually entered by users, and are linked to one or many items.
```

> They are saved a separated table to allow returning suggestions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are saved as a separate table to allow returning suggestions.
```
